Update main README with 1.21 release news (#8619)
netdata/netdata: README.md

Our experimental exporting engine received significant updates with new connectors for **[Prometheus remote write](https://docs.netdata.cloud/exporting/prometheus/remote_write/)**, **[MongoDB](https://docs.netdata.cloud/exporting/mongodb/)**, and **[AWS Kinesis Data Streams](https://docs.netdata.cloud/exporting/aws_kinesis/)**. You can now send Netdata metrics to more than 20 additional external storage providers for long-term archiving and deeper analysis. Learn more about the [exporting engine](https://docs.netdata.cloud/exporting/) in our documentation.

We upgraded our **TLS compatibility to include 1.3**, which applies to HTTPS for both Netdata's web server and streaming connections. TLS 1.3 is the most up-to-date version of the TLS protocol, and contains important fixes and improvements to ensure strong encryption. If you enabled TLS in the web server or streaming, Netdata attempts to use 1.3 by default, but you can also set the version and ciphers explicitly. Learn more in the [documentation](https://docs.netdata.cloud/web/server/#select-tls-version).

> The Netdata dashboard has been **completely re-written in React**. While the look and behavior hasn't changed, these under-the-hood changes will enable a suite of new features, UX improvements, and design overhauls. With React, we'll be able to work faster and better resource our talented engineers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Netdata dashboard has been **completely re-written in React**. While the look and behavior hasn't changed, these under-the-hood changes enables a suite of new features, UX improvements, and design overhauls. With React, we'll be able to work faster and better resource our talented engineers.
```
